Update GTM Integration guide (#26)
deco-sites/www: docs/tutorials/gtm-integration-guide/en.md

If you created a site on deco.cx based on our
[ecommerce starter](https://fashion.deco.site/), it **already has all the code
needed to integrate with GTM**. However, it is necessary to configure the global
section **Analytics** by adding the trackingId property with the ID of the
container
(https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/tag-manager/web#standard_web_page_installation)
previously set up.

For that, follow the steps:

> 1. Open the page listing with global status.
> 2. Select the page named Analytics.
> 3. Edit the Analytics section, adding or editing the tracking id property with
>    your container ID.
> 4. Save your page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open Pages on deco.cx's Admin.
2. Select `Global` on the Status filter.
3. Select the Analytics page.
3. Edit the Analytics section, adding or editing the **Tracking Id** property with
   your GTM's container ID.
4. Save the page.
```

If you created a site on deco.cx based on our
[ecommerce starter](https://fashion.deco.site/), it **already has all the code
needed to integrate with GTM**. However, it is necessary to configure the
**analytics** section on your pages by adding the property `trackingId` with the
ID of the previously configured container
(https://developers.google.com/tag-platform/tag-manager/web#standard_web_page_installation).

For that, follow the steps:

1. Open the admin on a page where you want to add GTM.

> 2. Click to add a section and choose **Analytics** imported from deco-sites/std.

Reviewer: Unless, I'm not getting how it's setup

> 2. Click to add a section and choose **Analytics** imported from deco-sites/std.

Author: Yeah, could be, but I taught add this component page by page, after I wrote that it could be added using a global section.
